# eSports

E-sports (English: Esports, can also be written as electronic sports, e-sports or eSports), referred to as e-sports, refers to sports projects that use electronic games to compete. With the increasing influence of games on the economy and society, e-sports has officially become a kind of sports competition. E-sports is an activity in which electronic game competitions reach a competitive level. Use electronic devices (computers, game consoles, large video games, mobile phones) as sports equipment, and emphasize the confrontation between people's intelligence and reaction in operation.

The Dutch market analysis company Newzoo estimates that the output value of the global e-sports industry in 2015 will reach 250 million US dollars [1], and the 2018 global e-sports market report pointed out that the global e-sports market revenue is expected to reach 906 million US dollars, an increase over last year. 38%. Including $155 million in advertising, $266 million in events and sponsorships, $95 million in media rights, $63 million in consumer spending, and the remaining $116 million is the total investment by game manufacturers to enter e-sports. The economics generated by the esports industry are growing rapidly, such as Dota 2's $15 million international tournament prize money, and its online TV shows watched by more than 380 million people around the world. [2] According to CCTV, the talent gap in the e-sports industry in mainland China in 2021 has reached 500,000.

There are two main categories of eSports:

Competitive battles (FPS, real-time strategy, sports, card battles), such as: Rainbow Six: Siege, League of Legends, Legendary Showdown, PUBG, Clash Royale, Dota 2, StarCraft 2, Warcraft Hegemony, World Soccer Competition, NBA 2K Series, Special Attack, CSGO, Hearthstone, Apex Heroes, Fortress Heroes, Special Warfare Heroes, Fifth Personality
Leisure category (racing category, music category, puzzle category) with scores, such as: extreme speed, rhythm large-scale video games, Tetris.
